Israeli forces have killed at least 5050
Palestinians in Gaza in the past 24
hours and fighting continues in Gaza
City shuaa District Palestinians
returning to parts of the neighborhood
found most of their homes in Ruins last
week the UN estimated tens of thousands
of people have been displaced during
Israel's two-e operation in that area
and the Palestinian civil defense is
appealing for humanitarian Aid to
recover those who are still Trapped
Under The Rebel hindel is joining us
from d in central Gaza hint what more
are you hearing about the situation in
shua right
now D in the seven uh the civil defense
team just revealed that they were able
to retrieve 60 dead bodies from Alia
those Palestinians who were trapped
under fire under Israeli air structs
artillery shelling and Israeli quad
captures and drones the Israeli forces
invaded as for more more than a week and
no one was allowed or able to H go into
that area because there was intensive
fighting and there was endless air
strikes there are may may be a lot of
more bodies still under the rubble but
the civil defense teams are s still
searching are still working on
retrieving those bodies and Palestinians
who went back to their houses in said
that there's a massive destruction where
according to the civil defense teams at
least 80
5% of the houses and infrastructure in a
have been completely destroyed leaving a
unhabitable for living and what about
other areas of the Gaza Strip what is
happening right now in terms of any air
strikes and casualties that you've been
hearing
about well there has been numerous air
strikes and artillery shelling in
different areas across the Gaza Strip
but what happened today in a couple of
hours ago we received a family that was
forced to evacuate from a tah
neighborhood the Israeli forces ordered
them and forced them to evacuate a
mother with her children and her husband
and her her her her son the Israeli
forces
arrested the father and the son and she
made the whole way back here she said
that they were forced to Evac
and not only they were evacuated but
also they were arrested during their
evacuation and this is not the first
time such incident happened they made it
all the way on their on their feet with
their children coming from endless air
strikes endless artillery shelling and
also starvation when they came here
people started to offer them drinks and
food but also there has been a lot of
artillery shelling in the Eastern Parts
across the gazal strip and also there
has been a couple of air strikes in the
middle area and let me remind you that
the middle area is very packed with
people where the Israeli forces have
been calling the Palestinians to
evacuate to the middle area but also the
middle area has been targeted all right
thank you so much hindari reporting from
in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer